# Server To Client Instructions (Game Server)<br /><a href="#server-to-client-instructions-(furcadia-v31)">Server to Client Instructions (Furcadia V31)</a>

### Server to Client Instructions (Furcadia V31)<hr />
**A** \| **B** \| **C** \| <a href="#d">D</a> \| **E** \| **F** \| **G** \| **H** \| **I** \| **J** \| **K** \| **L** \| **M** \| **N** \| **O** \| <a href="#p">P</a> \| **Q** \| **R** \| <a href="#s">S</a> \| **T** \| **U** \| **V** \| **W** \| **X** \| **Y** \| **Z**
<br />


### 	


##### ]- Prefix Text[*], Prefix the following text line

This instruction is commonly used in its two forms: ]-#A and ]-#B that perpend a specitag/beekin badge to the next text line shown by the instruction.


In essence, this instruction can pretty much perpend any desired string to the next text line if specified.


Credits:


<a href="http://ftr.icerealm.org/ref-instructions/" title="Vist FTR">Furcadia Technical Resources</a>




See Also:&nbsp;
<a href="#]-acolors[14---30],-prefix-specitag">Prefix Specitag</a>, <a href="#]-blast-byte-of-badge-tag[1],-prefix-with-beekin-badge">	Prefix With Beekin Badge</a>


##### ]-#BLast byte of badge tag[1], Prefix With Beekin Badge

This instruction is used with the text output instruction to display a specitag of whoever sent the following message. It is a sub-instruction to ]-.


Credits:


<a href="http://ftr.icerealm.org/ref-instructions/" title="Vist FTR">Furcadia Technical Resources</a>

See Also:&nbsp;
<a href="#]-acolors[14---30],-prefix-specitag">Prefix Specitag</a>, <a href="#]--prefix-text[*],-prefix-the-following-text-line">	Prefix the following text line</a>



### D


##### ( Text, Display Text

Formatted text to display in the chatbox (markup and tags like #SA included)


Credits:


<a href="http://ftr.icerealm.org/ref-instructions/" title="Vist FTR">Furcadia Technical Resources</a>




### P


##### ]-#AColors[14 - 30], Prefix Specitag

This instruction is used with the text output instruction to display a specitag of whoever sent the following message. It is a sub-instruction to ]-.


Credits:


<a href="http://ftr.icerealm.org/ref-instructions/" title="Vist FTR">Furcadia Technical Resources</a>




See Also:&nbsp;
<a href="#]--prefix-text[*],-prefix-the-following-text-line">	Prefix the following text line</a>, <a href="#]-blast-byte-of-badge-tag[1],-prefix-with-beekin-badge">	Prefix With Beekin Badge</a>



### S


##### <, Spawn Avatar (Furcadia 0.27c)

< User ID[4]Position X[2]Position Y[2]Avatar Shape #[2]Name[3 - 65]Partial Color Code[10]Flags[1]AFK Time[4]


Visually spawns an avatar at the target coordinates and updates the user list accordingly, depending on flags. The Flags[1] set is zero, or any combination of the following flags:


CHAR_FLAG_HAS_PROFILE = 1 (Character has an online profile - NOT YET [2009] IN USE)


CHAR_FLAG_SET_VISIBLE = 2


CHAR_FLAG_NEW_AVATAR = 4 (Avatar has just entered the dream)


The AFK Time[4] argument is the time in seconds since the character was set as being AFK.


CHAR_FLAG_NEW_AVATAR + CHAR_FLAG_SET_VISIBLE = 6 = ')'b220


When a furre joins a dream, They're new and visible by default. The visible flag can be changed by Dragon speak later on. Poxssibly with local species 0.


CHAR_FLAG_NEW_AVATAR will never appear by itself, It'll allways be accompined by another flag.


Credits


<a href="http://dev.furcadia.com/docs/023_new_movement.pdf">Furcadia Dev Docs (Furcadia v23)</a><a href="http://dev.furcadia.com/docs/027_movement.html">Furcadia Dev Docs (Furcadia v27)</a><a href="http://ftr.icerealm.org/ref-instructions/" title="Vist FTR">Furcadia Technical Resources</a>

See Also:&nbsp;
<a href="#"></a>


##### ]S#, SSL/TLS

Secure Socket Layer/ Transport Layer Security


SSL is initiated by the `starttls command, valid at any point in the connection, but recommended before `connect/`account/`token.


]S0 - SSL is disabled, show the user a warning


]S1 - SSL is enabled, proceed


]S2 - SSL is disabled, do NOT show the user a warning


]S3 - reserved


]S4 - SSL is enabled, but fall back on insecure connection without warning




